docs/field/index.en-us.md, before:

# Field

- category: Components
-   family: DataEntry
- chinese: 表单辅助工具
- cols: 1
- type: 表单

---
## Development Guide

### When to use

Fields can be used to manage data when it comes to form data manipulation and validation. After being associated with a component, the form data can be automatically written back, read, and verified.

### Use caution

- With Field `init` components, `value` `onChange` must be placed in init's third argument, otherwise it may be overridden by init.
- `Form` has been deeply optimized with `Field` for `data acquisition` and `automatic verification prompt`. It is recommended to use `Field` in `Form`. Please check Form demo.
- initValue The defaultValue of a similar component, which only takes effect when the component first renders (the ajax asynchronous invocation setting initValue may have missed the first render)

### basic use

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this); // instance creation

    onClick = ()=>{
        Console.log(this.field.getValue('name'));
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        // Note: initValue will only be assigned when the component is first initialized. If you are using an asynchronous assignment, use setValue
        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name',{initValue:'first value'})} />
            <button onClick={this.onClick>Get Data</button>
        </div>
    }
}
```

### update data
#### Event Updates

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this);

    onClick = ()=>{
        this.field.setValue('name', 'newvalue'); // Assignment will automatically trigger render
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name')} />
            <button onClick={this.onClick}>Settings</button>
        </div>
    }
}
```

#### props update

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this);

    // Set the data before the component is mounted (this can be replaced with initValue)
    componentWillMount() {
        this.field.setValue('name', 'init Name')
    }
    // Receive data from props
    componentWillReceiveProps(nextProps) {
        this.field.setValue('name', nextProps.name)
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name')} />
        </div>
    }
}
```

#### ajax update
```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this);

    onClick = ()=>{
        Ajax({
            Url:'/demo.json',
            Success:(json)=>{
                // Update of assignment in callback event
                this.field.setValue('name',json.name);
            }
        });
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name')} />
            <button onClick={this.onClick}>Settings</button>
        </div>
    }
}
```
#### onChange update monitoring
Two usages:
1. Unified management

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this,{
        onChange:(name, value) => {
          Switch(name) {
            Case 'name1':
              this.field.setValue('name2','value set by name1');
              Break;
            Case 'name2':
              this.field.setValue('name1','value set by name2');
              Break;
          }
        }
    });
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
          <Input {...init('name1')} />
          <Input {...init('name2')} />
        </div>
    }
}
```

2. Individual management

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
          <Input {...init('name1',{
              Props:{
                onChange:(v)=>{
                  this.field.setValue('name2','value set by name1');
                }
              }
            })} />
          <Input {...init('name2',{
              Props:{
                onChange:(v)=>{
                  this.field.setValue('name1','value set by name2');
                }
              }
            })} />
        </div>
    }
}
```

For details, please check Demo Demo `Associate Control`

## API
### initialization
```
Let myfield = new Field(this [,options]);
```

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
| this | The incoming call to this class | React.Component | must be set |
| options | Some event configuration, detailed parameters are as follows | Object | Not required | |

`options` configuration item

| Parameters | Description | Type |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|-----------|--------|
| onChange | all component changes will arrive here [setValue won't trigger the function] | Function(name,value) | |
|parseName | Whether to translate `name` in `init(name)` (getValues ​​will convert a string with `.` to an object) | Boolean | false|
|forceUpdate | Only the components of PureComponent are recommended to open this forced refresh function, which will cause performance problems (500 components as an example: the render will cost 700ms when it is turned on, and 400ms if it is turned off) | Boolean |false|
| scrollToFirstError | scrolling field.validate scrolls to the first errored component, offsets if it is an integer | Boolean/Number |true|
| autoUnmount | Automatically delete the Unmout element, if you want to keep the data can be set to false | Boolean |true|
| values | initial value| Object ||

#### API Interface
The api interface provided by the object after `new` (eg `myfield.getValues()`) (The api function starting with `set` should not be manipulated in render, which may trigger an infinite loop)

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
|init | Initialize each component, [Detailed Parameters below] (#init))| Function(name:String, option:Object)| ||
| getValues ​​| Get the value of a group of input controls. If no parameters are passed, get the values ​​of all components | Function([names: String[]]) |
| getValue | get the value of a single input control | Function(name: String) |
| setValues ​​| Sets the value of a set of input controls (triggers render, follow the use of react time) | Function(obj: Object) |
| setValue | Sets the value of a single input control (triggers render, follow the use of react time) | Function(name: String, value) |
| Validate | Validate and retrieve the values ​​of a set of input fields and Error | Function([names: String[]], [options: Object], callback: Function(errors, values)) | | |
|getError | Get Error of a Single Input Control | Function(name: String) | | |
|getErrors | Get Errors of a Group of Input Controls | Function([name: String]) | | |
|setError | Set Error for a Single Input Control | Function(name: String, errors:String/Array[String]) | | |
|setErrors | Set Errors of a Group of Input Controls | Function(obj: Object) | | |
|reset | reset the value of a group of input controls, clear the checksum | Function([names: String[]])| ||
| resetToDefault | Resets the value of a group of input controls to the default | Function([names: String[]])| ||
|getState | Judge check status | Function(name: String)| 'error' 'success' 'loading' '' | '' |
| getNames | Get the key of all components | Function()| ||
|remove | Delete the data of a certain control or a group of controls. After deletion, the validate/value associated with it will be cleared. | Function(name: String/String[])|

#### init
```
init(name, options, props)
```

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
| name | Required unique input control symbol | String |
| options.valueName | attribute name of the component value, such as Checkbox is `checked`, Input is `value` | String | | 'value' |
| options.initValue | The initial value of the component (the component will be read only when rendering for the first time, and later modifying this value is invalid), similar to defaultValue | any | | |
|options.trigger | Name of the event that triggered the data change | String | | 'onChange' |
| options.rules | Checksum Rules | Array/Object | | | |
| options.getValueFromEvent | custom way to get value from `onChange` event, generally do not need to set. Detailed usage see demo `custom data get` | Function(value, ...args) parameter order and components are exactly the same The | | | |
|props | Component-defined events can be written here | Object | | | |

return

```
{id,value,onChange}
```

#### rules

```
{
    rules:[{ required: true }]
}
```

multiple rule

```
{
    rules:[{required:true,trigger:'onBlur'},{pattern:/abcd/,message:'match abcd'},{validator:(rule, value, callback)=>{callback('got error')}}]
}
```

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
| required | cannot be empty| Boolean | true | `undefined/null/"/[]` will trigger this rule)
|pattern | check regular expression | regular | | |
|minLength | Minimum string length / Minimum number of arrays | Number | | String/Number/Array |
|maxLength | Maximum length of string / Maximum number of arrays | Number | | String/Number/Array |
|length | string exact length / exact number of arrays | |number | | String/Number/Array |
|min | Min | Number | | String/Number |
|max | maximum | Number | | String/Number |
| format | sum of common patterns | String | url, email, tel, number | String |
| validator | Custom validation, (don't forget to execute `callback()` when validation is successful, otherwise validation will not return) | Function(rule,value,callback) |
| trigger | Name of the event that triggered the check | String/Array | onChange/onBlur/... | onChange |
| message | error message | String | | |

## Custom Component Access to Field Standards

- Supports controlled mode (value+onChange) `Must`
     - value control component data display
     - onChange callback function when the component changes (the first parameter can be given to value)

- One complete operation throws an onChange event
     For example, there is a process that indicates the status of the progress, it is recommended to increase the API `onProcess`; if there is a Start indicates the startup state, it is recommended to increase the API `onStart`

- Clear data when `value={undefined}`, field's reset function will send undefined data to all components

```
componentWillReceiveProps(nextProps) {
    if ('value' in nextProps ) {
        this.setState({
           value: nextProps.value === undefined? []: nextProps.value   //  set value after clear
        })
    }
}
```

## Known Issues

- Why doesn't the callback function enter the `this.field.validate` manually? A: Is it safe to define the validator method to ensure that the `callback` can be executed on any branch?

Commit message:

docs(Field): add usage for parseName=true

docs/field/index.en-us.md, after:

# Field

- category: Components
-   family: DataEntry
- chinese: 表单辅助工具
- cols: 1
- type: 表单

---
## Development Guide

### When to use

Fields can be used to manage data when it comes to form data manipulation and validation. After being associated with a component, the form data can be automatically written back, read, and verified.

### Use caution

- With Field `init` components, `value` `onChange` must be placed in init's third argument, otherwise it may be overridden by init.
- `Form` has been deeply optimized with `Field` for `data acquisition` and `automatic verification prompt`. It is recommended to use `Field` in `Form`. Please check Form demo.
- initValue The defaultValue of a similar component, which only takes effect when the component first renders (the ajax asynchronous invocation setting initValue may have missed the first render)
- with `parseName=true` you could use `getValues` to get a struct value, but not work in `getValue` you still need pass complete key

### basic use

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this); // instance creation

    onClick = ()=>{
        Console.log(this.field.getValue('name'));
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        // Note: initValue will only be assigned when the component is first initialized. If you are using an asynchronous assignment, use setValue
        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name',{initValue:'first value'})} />
            <button onClick={this.onClick>Get Data</button>
        </div>
    }
}
```

### update data
#### Event Updates

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this);

    onClick = ()=>{
        this.field.setValue('name', 'newvalue'); // Assignment will automatically trigger render
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name')} />
            <button onClick={this.onClick}>Settings</button>
        </div>
    }
}
```

#### props update

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this);

    // Set the data before the component is mounted (this can be replaced with initValue)
    componentWillMount() {
        this.field.setValue('name', 'init Name')
    }
    // Receive data from props
    componentWillReceiveProps(nextProps) {
        this.field.setValue('name', nextProps.name)
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name')} />
        </div>
    }
}
```

#### ajax update
```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this);

    onClick = ()=>{
        Ajax({
            Url:'/demo.json',
            Success:(json)=>{
                // Update of assignment in callback event
                this.field.setValue('name',json.name);
            }
        });
    }
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
            <Input {...init('name')} />
            <button onClick={this.onClick}>Settings</button>
        </div>
    }
}
```
#### onChange update monitoring
Two usages:
1. Unified management

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Field = new Field(this,{
        onChange:(name, value) => {
          Switch(name) {
            Case 'name1':
              this.field.setValue('name2','value set by name1');
              Break;
            Case 'name2':
              this.field.setValue('name1','value set by name2');
              Break;
          }
        }
    });
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
          <Input {...init('name1')} />
          <Input {...init('name2')} />
        </div>
    }
}
```

2. Individual management

```
Class Demo extends React.Component {
    Render() {
        Const init = this.field.init;

        Return <div>
          <Input {...init('name1',{
              Props:{
                onChange:(v)=>{
                  this.field.setValue('name2','value set by name1');
                }
              }
            })} />
          <Input {...init('name2',{
              Props:{
                onChange:(v)=>{
                  this.field.setValue('name1','value set by name2');
                }
              }
            })} />
        </div>
    }
}
```

For details, please check Demo Demo `Associate Control`

## API
### initialization
```
Let myfield = new Field(this [,options]);
```

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
| this | The incoming call to this class | React.Component | must be set |
| options | Some event configuration, detailed parameters are as follows | Object | Not required | |

`options` configuration item

| Parameters | Description | Type |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|-----------|--------|
| onChange | all component changes will arrive here [setValue won't trigger the function] | Function(name,value) | |
|parseName | Whether to translate `name` in `init(name)` (getValues ​​will convert a string with `.` to an object) | Boolean | false|
|forceUpdate | Only the components of PureComponent are recommended to open this forced refresh function, which will cause performance problems (500 components as an example: the render will cost 700ms when it is turned on, and 400ms if it is turned off) | Boolean |false|
| scrollToFirstError | scrolling field.validate scrolls to the first errored component, offsets if it is an integer | Boolean/Number |true|
| autoUnmount | Automatically delete the Unmout element, if you want to keep the data can be set to false | Boolean |true|
| values | initial value| Object ||

#### API Interface
The api interface provided by the object after `new` (eg `myfield.getValues()`) (The api function starting with `set` should not be manipulated in render, which may trigger an infinite loop)

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
|init | Initialize each component, [Detailed Parameters below] (#init))| Function(name:String, option:Object)| ||
| getValues ​​| Get the value of a group of input controls. If no parameters are passed, get the values ​​of all components | Function([names: String[]]) |
| getValue | get the value of a single input control | Function(name: String) |
| setValues ​​| Sets the value of a set of input controls (triggers render, follow the use of react time) | Function(obj: Object) |
| setValue | Sets the value of a single input control (triggers render, follow the use of react time) | Function(name: String, value) |
| Validate | Validate and retrieve the values ​​of a set of input fields and Error | Function([names: String[]], [options: Object], callback: Function(errors, values)) | | |
|getError | Get Error of a Single Input Control | Function(name: String) | | |
|getErrors | Get Errors of a Group of Input Controls | Function([name: String]) | | |
|setError | Set Error for a Single Input Control | Function(name: String, errors:String/Array[String]) | | |
|setErrors | Set Errors of a Group of Input Controls | Function(obj: Object) | | |
|reset | reset the value of a group of input controls, clear the checksum | Function([names: String[]])| ||
| resetToDefault | Resets the value of a group of input controls to the default | Function([names: String[]])| ||
|getState | Judge check status | Function(name: String)| 'error' 'success' 'loading' '' | '' |
| getNames | Get the key of all components | Function()| ||
|remove | Delete the data of a certain control or a group of controls. After deletion, the validate/value associated with it will be cleared. | Function(name: String/String[])|

#### init
```
init(name, options, props)
```

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |Default |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
| name | Required unique input control symbol | String |
| options.valueName | attribute name of the component value, such as Checkbox is `checked`, Input is `value` | String | | 'value' |
| options.initValue | The initial value of the component (the component will be read only when rendering for the first time, and later modifying this value is invalid), similar to defaultValue | any | | |
|options.trigger | Name of the event that triggered the data change | String | | 'onChange' |
| options.rules | Checksum Rules | Array/Object | | | |
| options.getValueFromEvent | custom way to get value from `onChange` event, generally do not need to set. Detailed usage see demo `custom data get` | Function(value, ...args) parameter order and components are exactly the same The | | | |
|props | Component-defined events can be written here | Object | | | |

return

```
{id,value,onChange}
```

#### rules

```
{
    rules:[{ required: true }]
}
```

multiple rule

```
{
    rules:[{required:true,trigger:'onBlur'},{pattern:/abcd/,message:'match abcd'},{validator:(rule, value, callback)=>{callback('got error')}}]
}
```

|Parameter | Description | Type | Optional |
|-----------|------------------------------------------|------------|-------|--------|
| required | cannot be empty| Boolean | true | `undefined/null/"/[]` will trigger this rule)
|pattern | check regular expression | regular | | |
|minLength | Minimum string length / Minimum number of arrays | Number | | String/Number/Array |
|maxLength | Maximum length of string / Maximum number of arrays | Number | | String/Number/Array |
|length | string exact length / exact number of arrays | |number | | String/Number/Array |
|min | Min | Number | | String/Number |
|max | maximum | Number | | String/Number |
| format | sum of common patterns | String | url, email, tel, number | String |
| validator | Custom validation, (don't forget to execute `callback()` when validation is successful, otherwise validation will not return) | Function(rule,value,callback) |
| trigger | Name of the event that triggered the check | String/Array | onChange/onBlur/... | onChange |
| message | error message | String | | |

## Custom Component Access to Field Standards

- Supports controlled mode (value+onChange) `Must`
     - value control component data display
     - onChange callback function when the component changes (the first parameter can be given to value)

- One complete operation throws an onChange event
     For example, there is a process that indicates the status of the progress, it is recommended to increase the API `onProcess`; if there is a Start indicates the startup state, it is recommended to increase the API `onStart`

- Clear data when `value={undefined}`, field's reset function will send undefined data to all components

```
componentWillReceiveProps(nextProps) {
    if ('value' in nextProps ) {
        this.setState({
           value: nextProps.value === undefined? []: nextProps.value   //  set value after clear
        })
    }
}
```

## Known Issues

- Why doesn't the callback function enter the `this.field.validate` manually? A: Is it safe to define the validator method to ensure that the `callback` can be executed on any branch?
